add join method concept for C# (#5674)
Codecademy/docs: content/c-sharp/concepts/strings/terms/join/join.md

---
Title: '.Join()'

> Description: 'JJoins elements of a collection into a single string with a specified separator, ideal for creating formatted lists from arrays or enumerable types.'

Reviewer: There's an extra `J` by mistake at the start of the sentence.

```suggestion
Description: 'Joins elements of a collection into a single string with a specified separator, ideal for creating formatted lists from arrays or enumerable types.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Characters'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`Join()`** method concatenates an array or a collection of strings into a single string, with a specified separator inserted between each element. This is particularly useful for creating formatted strings, such as comma-separated lists, from collections of data. data.

Reviewer: The phrase "from collections of data. data." in the first paragraph contains a duplicated word. It should read: "from collections of data."

We can simplify it as follows:

```suggestion
The **`.Join()`** method concatenates an array or a collection of strings into a single string, with a specified separator inserted between each element. 

This is particularly useful for creating formatted strings from data collections, such as comma-separated lists.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
string.Join(string separator, IEnumerable<string> values)
```

- `separator`: The string to insert between each element.
- `values`: The array or collection of strings to join together.

## Example

> In this example, `.Join()` uses a comma and space (”, “) as the separator to create a formatted to-do list. The output is a concise list of study activities for the day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `.Join()` uses a comma and space (`, `) as the separator to create a formatted to-do list. The output is a concise list of study activities for the day.
```

```cs
using System;

class Program
{
    static void Main()
    {
        string[] studyTasks = { "Complete C# lesson", "Review notes", "Practice coding exercises", "Read documentation" };

        // Using .Join() to create a sequential to-do list with ", " as the separator
        string toDoList = string.Join(", ", studyTasks);

        Console.WriteLine("Today's Codecademy study plan: " + toDoList);
    }
}
```

The above example gives the following output:

```shell
Today's Codecademy study plan: Complete C# lesson, Review notes, Practice coding exercises, Read documentation
```

## Codebyte Example

> The following example demonstrates how `.Join()` combines a collection of course names using an ampersand (&) to produce readable list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how `.Join()` combines a collection of course names using an ampersand (`&`) to produce a readable list.
```

---
Title: '.Join()'

> Description: 'Joins elements of a collection into a single string with a specified separator, ideal for creating formatted lists from arrays or enumerable types.'

Reviewer 2: Just the description of the term is enough here. No need to mention the use of it.  
```suggestion
Description: 'Joins elements of a collection into a single string with a specified separator.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Characters'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.Join()`** method concatenates an array or a collection of strings into a single string, with a specified separator inserted between each element. 

> This is particularly useful for creating formatted strings from data collections, such as comma-separated lists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This method is particularly useful for formatting lists, such as comma-separated values or readable sentences.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
string.Join(string separator, IEnumerable<string> values)
```

> - `separator`: The string to insert between each element.
> - `values`: The array or collection of strings to join together.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `separator`: A string to insert between each element. If empty, elements are joined with no separator.
- `values`: An array or collection of strings to concatenate. `null` values in the collection are replaced with empty strings.
```

## Example

> In this example, `.Join()` uses a comma and space (`, `) as the separator to create a formatted to-do list. The output is a concise list of study activities for the day.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how `.Join()` uses a comma and space (`, `) as the separator to create a formatted to-do list. 
```

```cs
using System;

class Program
{
    static void Main()
    {
        string[] studyTasks = { "Complete C# lesson", "Review notes", "Practice coding exercises", "Read documentation" };

        // Using .Join() to create a sequential to-do list with ", " as the separator
        string toDoList = string.Join(", ", studyTasks);

        Console.WriteLine("Today's Codecademy study plan: " + toDoList);
    }
}
```

> The above example gives the following output:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example results in the following output:
```
